the guys welcome to this new
Minecraft tutorial and also video
for the new ones that start minecraft
and if you are new to this channel it is the
first video that you see I recommend you
subscribe as I upload videos from
minecraft almost every day and good
I bring you this time a tutorial of how
accelerate the minecraft to 100% and not have
black unless you have a computer
very slow well I have a very compu
slow but the minecraft runs me
perfectly when I do not record but
when I record it gives me a little bit sometimes
up to 30 fps is but we're going to
start with the good tutorial here
runs at 30 fps if I do not get low
they come or because I run
and well let's see how how to put the
minecraft we give you options video
settings and in graphics I'll leave it in
fat because in fancy he had a lot
render distance we leave you in tiny
because they will have it once that normal
we leave in training small die that
we leave off
performance we leave you the maximum of fps
here do not click on the coffe here on
the view butch vig booking with here
in scale in good and with some scouts
leave the car and here at open nfl something if
we leave you in off in brightness we leave you
up to the maximum because if we let him
even in mode and it looks very dark in its
blog we leave you in is mod approach that
here we leave you in nov
as you want the approach is that
that I will live far away because it
look further
here the focus is left 0.8 in
detail we leave the clouds we leave you
in off the leaves in fat the water in fat
the sky on the moon and the sun on and off
as you want me to activate it
because I know of chita the minecraft attends
fox in on here is the distance from heaven
but I leave you the grass, we leave it
in fat rain and snow we leave in fast
star xenon or as you want
this does not affect much minecraft but
if you have it very varied activate all
all sorry snow caps we leave you in the
item in off good one is quality here
we all left here we all all
all and is away in minimum liniers
if we have if we go to animations on
I recommend that you activate them and
the lava are the only two animations
that deactivated so that it runs better
the minecraft
good in performance
fps we left in with the farc in two their
club but when we do not leave in one is
mod work on that says pray love tour of
dynamic of
and here are the textures this also in
the different brought of textures that
you can change when you're playing is
logical then change us and you have to
It is coming out that's not good
change your textures if you run very
side I recommend you download
some textures of simply craft something like that
they're called textures and well let's
reuters
committing something if we leave you of work in
a full screen of server texture this is
for when you enter a server sometimes you
says that if you want to download the
color server textures
because some textures are required
good only the prizes that have not yet
seen any server from the normals that
ask for textures in the profile book
we leave in of time time is on time
truth we leave in default when there
full to full screen mode will
we leave in autoguarded in three
minutes and well we give it down and down and
down and back to king and good this video
is for those who have the optimum and not what
They know how to configure because they are not new or
I do not know and well, it's the same as 30 fps
I wait because I'm recording look 30
fps does not give me any shocks or because I do this
look up to 29 but not good guys
download the as the optician is called
well there he is going to tell you everything and I already
I said how to set it up well I hope you
you liked already you know if you liked it
like subscribe to the channel and well we
we see in a next video out takes care
the chau chau goodbye leaves your like and
subscribe if you are new please